# Muon-Lifetime-and-PET-Scan
Figure 1: Time calibrating the Time Pulse Height Converter to the histogram of counts.
Figure 2: Muon decay plot showing the experimental data. The height is proportional to the time difference between two signals, which ideally is the signal between a muon and an electron. The uncertainties can be approximated to that of a Gaussian distribution, which is the square root of the number of counts in each point.
Figure 3: The sinogram of two radioactive samples positioned in the midpoint of the two ACD detectors, which contains Sodium-22 as the positron-emitter. By using a pair of ACD detectors, the projection data are taken from position scans at different angles over a total angle of 360 degrees, which has a 12.6 degrees step angle for the additional scan. The projection distance sweep over a total distance of 20 mm with a step distance of 0.1 mm. The number of counts refers to the count of all pairs of annihilation gamma-rays that reach both detectors simultaneously. In this experiment, a complete scan traces a sinusoid in the sinogram.
Figure 4: The reconstructed image by Filtered Back Projection (FBP). We use FBP to carry out an inverse Radon transform. Reconstruction of the samples is a result obtained from the set of projections of the sinogram. Lighter regions correspond to larger values of counts. The reconstructed image shows two blurry dip in intensity between the two sources (from the peaks at approximately 90 degrees and 270 degrees).
Figure 5: A sample collected data for the two positron-emitter source, which gives the number of counts of all pair of annihilation gamma-rays N as a function of distance x. With a pair of gamma-camera ACD detectors with an intrinsic resolution, the coincidence response function can be approximated as a Gaussian.
